README.md, before:

# Praveen Kumar - AI/ML Engineer Portfolio

A modern, interactive portfolio website showcasing my expertise in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Data Science. Built with Next.js 14, TypeScript, and Three.js for stunning 3D animations.

## 🚀 About Me

AI/ML Engineer with a strong foundation in machine learning, deep learning, and data analysis. Currently pursuing B.Tech in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning from NIMS University, Jaipur. Passionate about building intelligent systems that solve real-world problems.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework:** Next.js 14
- **Language:** TypeScript
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS
- **Animations:** Framer Motion
- **3D Graphics:** Three.js, React Three Fiber
- **Icons:** React Icons

## ✨ Features

- 🎨 Modern and responsive design
- 🌌 Interactive 3D background animations
- ⚡ Smooth page transitions and scroll animations
- 📱 Mobile-first approach
- 🎯 Sections: Hero, About, Skills, Projects, Contact
- 📧 Integrated contact form with Formspree
- 🔗 Social media integration

## 🏗️ Key Projects Showcased

1. **Smart Resume Screening System** - Automated resume screening using Python, OCR, and NLP
2. **Eva - Personal AI Assistant** - Generative AI-based desktop assistant with voice commands
3. **Brain Tumor Detection** - YOLOv8/YOLOv9 deep learning models for medical imaging

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ installed
- npm or yarn package manager

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/praveenkumar-tech07/Praveen_Kumar_Portfolio.git
cd Praveen_Kumar_Portfolio
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Create a `.env.local` file and add your Formspree ID:
```
NEXT_PUBLIC_FORMSPREE_ID=your_formspree_id
```

4. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## 📦 Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
npm start
```

## 🌐 Deploy

This portfolio is deployed on Vercel. You can deploy your own version:

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/praveenkumar-tech07/Praveen_Kumar_Portfolio)

## 📧 Contact

- **Email:** praveenkumar07.tech@gmail.com
- **LinkedIn:** [Praveen Kumar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/praveen-kumar-4786a42b5)
- **GitHub:** [@praveenkumar-tech07](https://github.com/praveenkumar-tech07)

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.

---

Made with ❤️ by Praveen Kumar

Commit message:

Update deployment link without 'ai' suffix

README.md, after:

# Praveen Kumar - AI/ML Engineer Portfolio

A modern, interactive portfolio website showcasing my expertise in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Data Science. Built with Next.js 14, TypeScript, and Three.js for stunning 3D animations.

## 🚀 About Me

AI/ML Engineer with a strong foundation in machine learning, deep learning, and data analysis. Currently pursuing B.Tech in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning from NIMS University, Jaipur. Passionate about building intelligent systems that solve real-world problems.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework:** Next.js 14
- **Language:** TypeScript
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS
- **Animations:** Framer Motion
- **3D Graphics:** Three.js, React Three Fiber
- **Icons:** React Icons

## ✨ Features

- 🎨 Modern and responsive design
- 🌌 Interactive 3D background animations
- ⚡ Smooth page transitions and scroll animations
- 📱 Mobile-first approach
- 🎯 Sections: Hero, About, Skills, Projects, Contact
- 📧 Integrated contact form with Formspree
- 🔗 Social media integration

## 🏗️ Key Projects Showcased

1. **Smart Resume Screening System** - Automated resume screening using Python, OCR, and NLP
2. **Eva - Personal AI Assistant** - Generative AI-based desktop assistant with voice commands
3. **Brain Tumor Detection** - YOLOv8/YOLOv9 deep learning models for medical imaging

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ installed
- npm or yarn package manager

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/praveenkumar-tech07/Praveen_Kumar_Portfolio.git
cd Praveen_Kumar_Portfolio
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Create a `.env.local` file and add your Formspree ID:
```
NEXT_PUBLIC_FORMSPREE_ID=your_formspree_id
```

4. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## 📦 Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
npm start
```

## 🌐 Live Deployment

**View the live portfolio:** [https://praveenkumarportfolio.vercel.app](https://praveenkumarportfolio.vercel.app)

This portfolio is deployed on Vercel. You can deploy your own version:

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/praveenkumar-tech07/Praveen_Kumar_Portfolio)

## 📧 Contact

- **Email:** praveenkumar07.tech@gmail.com
- **LinkedIn:** [Praveen Kumar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/praveen-kumar-4786a42b5)
- **GitHub:** [@praveenkumar-tech07](https://github.com/praveenkumar-tech07)

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.

---

Build by Praveen Kumar
